Cats have 4 legs.
Cats have 4 paws.
Cats have fur.
Cats have whiskers.
Cats have a tail.
Cats are mammals.
Cats are carnivores.
Cats can be found in the wild.
Cats are social animals.
Cats are playful.
Cats are solitary.
Cats eat meat.
Cats eat mice and birds.
House cats are a form of cat.
Wild cats, such as bobcat, lion, and leopard are not house cats.
A tiger is a cat.
Cats are not sharks. (This has not been fact-checked)
Cats land on all fours, except when they don't.
Cats meow.
House cats and cheetahs purr, however, they cannot roar.
Cats that can roar can't purr, and vice versa.
Most cats have retractable claws, however some, like the cheetah, do not.
Cheetahs can't retract their claws, because the claws help them gain traction.
Cats sometimes get hairballs.
Cats have teeth.
Cats have claws.
Cats have 2 ears.
Cats can see in extremely dark conditions.
Cats are great climbers.
Cats can climb trees.
Cats can hiss.
Cats are good at jumping.
Cats can jump high.
Cats are animals.
A kitten is a baby cat.
There are many cats in the world.
Cats were worshipped by the ancient Egyptians.
Cats are among the most popular pets in the world.
Cats are not dogs, nor are dogs cats.
On average, cats spend 2/3 of every day sleeping.
Cats spend around 1/3 of their time awake grooming themselves.
The technical term for a hairball is a "bezoar."
A cat's nose pad has a unique pattern of ridges, similar to a fingerprint.
Cats are often used on ships to help take care of rodent infestations.
Some studies show there are more tigers in Texas (as pets) than everywhere else in the world combined.
Cats have five toes on their front paws and four on their back paws.
Cats' noses are as unique as human fingerprints.
Cats use their whiskers to measure openings, ensuring they can fit through.
The world's oldest known pet cat existed 9,500 years ago on the Mediterranean island of Cyprus.
Cats have a specialized collarbone that allows them to always land on their feet when falling.
The oldest recorded breed of cat is the Egyptian Mau.
The world record for the longest jump by a cat is over 7 feet.
Cats have a third eyelid called a haw.
The world's largest breed of domestic cat is the Maine Coon.
A group of cats is called a clowder.
Cats have a unique way of walking; they move both right feet, then both left feet when walking or running.
The average cat sleeps for 12-16 hours a day.
Cats' whiskers are roughly as wide as their bodies.
The world's richest cat inherited $13 million from its owner.
Cats can make over 100 different sounds.
The oldest known pet cemetery is in a 9,500-year-old grave on the Mediterranean island of Cyprus.
The world's smallest cat breed is the Singapura.
Cats have a specialized grooming spot on the back of their head that they can't reach with their tongue.
The world's largest cat painting collection is in the Hermitage Museum in Russia.
The world's oldest known breed is the British Shorthair.
Cats have a unique grooming pattern: licking their lips after a meal wipes scent from their face, making them less detectable to predators.
The world's oldest living cat was 38 years old.
The oldest known pet cemetery in the United States is in Hyde Park, New York.
A cat's purring may be a natural healing mechanism, as it has been shown to improve bone density and promote healing.
The world's rarest big cat is the Amur leopard, with only about 70 left in the wild.
A cat's brain is 90% similar to a human's brain.
The world's oldest recorded pet cat is believed to be found on the Mediterranean island of Cyprus.
Cats have a communication technique called "slow blinking" to express trust and affection.
The world's most expensive cat sold for $41,000.
A cat's sense of hearing is better than that of dogs.
The world's smallest wild cat is the Rusty-spotted cat.
Cats have a special reflective layer behind their retinas that enhances night vision.
The world's largest recorded litter of domestic cats had 19 kittens.
The world's most famous cat show is the International Cat Show in Portland, Oregon.
Cats have a unique grooming behavior called "allogrooming," where they groom each other.
The world's longest domestic cat measured over 48 inches.
Cats can rotate their ears 180 degrees.
The world's oldest known breed is the Egyptian Mau.
Cats have a strong territorial instinct.
The world's most popular cat name is "Whiskers."
Cats have a unique "kneading" behavior where they push their paws against a soft surface.
The world's largest cat painting collection is in the Hermitage Museum in Russia.
Cats have a special reflective layer behind their retinas that enhances night vision.
The world's largest recorded litter of domestic cats had 19 kittens.
Cats have a unique grooming behavior called "allogrooming," where they groom each other.
The world's longest domestic cat measured over 48 inches.
Cats can rotate their ears 180 degrees.
The world's oldest known breed is the Egyptian Mau.
Cats have a strong territorial instinct.
The world's most popular cat name is "Whiskers."
Cats have a unique "kneading" behavior where they push their paws against a soft surface.
The world's largest cat painting collection is in the Hermitage Museum in Russia.
Cats have a special reflective layer behind their retinas that enhances night vision.
The world's largest recorded litter of domestic cats had 19 kittens.
Cats have a unique grooming behavior called "allogrooming," where they groom each other.